## D. Outside The Box Questions

The following are open ended questions which might be asked during a technical interview for this case study - there are no right or wrong answers, but answers that make sense from both a technical and a business perspective make an amazing impression!

### 1. How would you calculate the rate of growth for Foodie-Fi?

**Answer:**

To assess the rate of growth for Foodie-Fi, we should analyze the following multiple key indicators:

1. **Customer Base Growth**:
   - Calculate the overall growth in the customer base over specific time periods (for instance, monthly or quarterly.),.
   - Monitor the acquisition of new customers and the retention of the existing ones.
2. **Subscription Plan Adoption**:
   - Analyze the uptake of different subscription plans (Basic, Pro Monthly, Pro Annual) to understand the customer preferences.
   - Evaluate the growth rate of Pro Plans compared to the overall customer base.
3. **Churn Reduction**:
   - Investigate the reduction in churn by assessing the number of customers downgrading or canceling their subscriptions.
   - Calculate the churn rate and observe its trend over time.
4. **Revenue Growth**:
   - Monitor the revenue growth over time, by considering both the increase in the customer base and potential changes in subscription plans.
5. **Conversion Rates**:
   - Analyze the conversion rates from Trial users to Paid subscribers, providing insights into the effectiveness of the trial period in conversting users.

### 2. What key metrics would you recommend Foodie-Fi management to track over time to assess performance of their overall business?

**Answer:**

To comprehensively assess the performance of Foodie-Fi, it is recommended to track the following metrics over time.

1. **Customer Base Growth**:
   - Monitor the overall growth or contraction of the customer base on a regular basis (for instance, monthly, or quarterly or annually).
2. **Revenue Breakdown**:
   - Analyze the revenue streams from different subscription plans, with a focus on Pro plan customers. This breakdown helps understand the contribution of various plans to the overall revenue.
3. **Churn Rate**:
   - Calculate and track the churn rate over time. Identifying patterns in customer attrition provides insights into service quality, and customer statisfaction and hence, increase in the customer base.
4. **Customer Acquisition and Conversion Rates**:
   - Assess the effectiveness of marketing strategies by tracking customer acquisition rates. Additionally, monitor the conversion rates from tria to paid subscriptions.
5. **Average Revenue Per User (ARPU)**:
   - Calculate the average revenue generated by each user to understand the averae contribution of each customers to the overall revenue.

### 3. What are some key customer journeys or experiences that you would analyse further to improve customer retention?

**Answer:**

The key areas to understand the customer retention are the following ones:

1. **Plan Changes**":
   - Understand the specific triggers that lead the customers to changes their plans. This could involve analyzing the benefits they seek, such as unlimited streaming or offline access. Additionally, explore whether promotional offers or plan-specific features influences plan changes.
   - Implement an exit survey strategy for users who either downgrade or cancel their plans. Collecting feedback directly from users can uncover nuanced insights into their decision making process.
2. **Customer Support**:

   - We can identify the common queries, concerns, or issues faced by customers from the customer support interactions. Additionally track how effectively customer issues are resolved over time. This helps us understand if the customers are unhappy with the resolutions and our services, thereby leading them to churn out.

3. **Content Preferences**:
   - Explore not only what customers are looking for but also gather insights into why certain content might not meet their expectations. Are there any programs that are not in the video library because of which customers are looking for? Conducting surveys of feedback sessions helps to understand specific content preferences and expectations.
4. **Platform Comparison**:
   - Consider comparing Foodie-Fi with other platforms. Identify features, shows that competitors offer and where Foodie-Fi might lack. This competitive analysis can reveal opportunities for improvement. Additionally assess user perceptions of Foodie-Fi to competitors through surveys or reviews.
5. **Personalized Recommendations**:
   - Understand how personalized recommendation can positively impact retention. Analyze successful cases where tailored content suggestions lead to increased engagement. Implement ML algorithms to enhance recommendation precision, ensuring users receive content aligned with their preferences.
   - Implement a feedback mechanism for users to provide explicit feedback on recommended content. This can refine algorithms and enhance the accuracy of personalized suggestions.

### 4. If the Foodie-Fi team were to create an exit survey shown to customers who wish to cancel their subscription, what questions would you include in the survey?

**Answer:**

Some valuable questions to include in the exit survey shown to customers who wish to cancel their subscription could be the following:

1. What did you like most about Foodie-Fi, and is there anything specific you would like to see changed or improved on the program

2. Are you satisfied with the current pricing of our plans?

3. How would you rate your satisfaction with our customer support? If not entirely satisfied, please provide details on areas for improvement.

4. Did you find the specific program you were looking for for in our Video Library? If not, could you share some details about the content you were seeking?

5. What is the primary reason for canceling your subscription? (Include options related to content, pricing, customer service, etc.)

6. Is there anything else you would like to share or any feedback that hasn't been covered in the previous questions?

### 5. What business levers could the Foodie-Fi team use to reduce the customer churn rate? How would you validate the effectiveness of your ideas?

**Answer:**

1. **Enhanced Content Library**:

   - **Idea**: Regularly update and expand the content library with exclusive shows and programs.
   - **Validation**: Monitor the time spent by the customers on the platform, and the frequency of login hours, and take direct feedback in the form of a question like, Is this the show you were looking for?

2. **Personalized Recommendations**:

   - **Idea**: Implement advanced algorithms to provide personalized content recommendations based on Individual preferences and viewing history.
   - **Validation**: Track the percentage of users following the personalized recommendations and ask for feedback to check the satisfaction of the customers.

3. **Promotional Offers and Discounts**:

   - **Idea**: Introduce limited-time promotions, discounts, or bundled subscription options to incentivize customer retention.
   - **Validation**: Analyze the impact on customer retention by doing the before and after analysis.

4. **Improved Customer Support**:

   - **Idea**: Enhance customer support services by reducing response times, resolving queries effectively in a short period, and gathering feedback for continuous improvement.
   - **Validation**: Guage the customer churn percentage, and customer satisfaction scores, and collect feedback on customer support interactions.

5. **Exit Surveys and Feedback Analysis**:

   - **Idea**: Implement an exit survey for customers canceling their subscriptions to gather insights into reasons for leaving.
   - **Validation**: Analyze any common reason to leave the platform and work on it.
